This simulation crash is made with x-plane 11 flight simulator [XP11]
THIS IS NOT EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED, THIS IS ONLY A SIMULATED FLIGHT CRASH FOR ETHIOPIAN AIRLINES FLIGHT ET302.
THIS STORY IS BASED ON REAL HAPPENING:
Again a tragic plane crash with b737 max 8 plane, from Ethiopia Airlines.
This time it happend in Ethiopia.
The plane b737 max started the flight from Addis Ababa airport (HOOB airport code) with 157 people onboard.
For this flight the flightnumber was ET302.
At the day and time when the plane took off, the weather seems turbulent
and a few clouds around Addis Ababa airport.
This flight started in early morning.
The plane was pushed back by a pushback tow.
The registration of this aircraft was ET-AVJ
When the pushback was finished, the pushback tow released the plane, and the plane was ready for taxi to runway 07L.
The pilots are preparing for takeoff and deploying the flaps to 5 degrees.
After some cockpit preparation, they starting to taxi to runway 07L
Etiopian Ailrines b737 max on the taxiway at Addis Ababa airport.
Plane is at holding point runway 07L and making backtrack on the runway to taxi to 07L.
The plane is on the final turn, they are ready to line up and take off from Addis Ababa airport runway 07L.
b737 max plane is on the takeoff
Wing view from b737 max
The plane took off from Bole airport runway 07L at 08:38 a.m. local time.
It is very shaky in the sky and the plane has getting difficult to climb, because the airport elevation and the plane load.
Right wing view of the b737 max plane.
From the cockpit view of a b737 max plane.
6 minutes After takeoff the pilots reporting tecnical difficulties and asked for clearance to return.
At 08:44 a.m. local time flight ET302 went down near Bishoftu, southeast of Addis Ababa airport.
At the time that the plane went down you can hear people onboard screaming,
this sound is added while editing, so this is not implemented from the simulator.
All 157 people aboard an Ethiopian Airlines flight that crashed soon after taking off from Addis Ababa have been killed.
The pilot was a senior Ethiopian Airlines pilot who had flown more than 8,000 hours. He had an "excellent flying record.
I wish a lot of strength for the families of the victims. Hopefully b737 max will not fly for ever!